README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

## 💻 Tech Stack

### Languages
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)

### Frameworks & Libraries
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/expo-1C1E24?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&logoColor=#D04A37)
![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white)

### Databases
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=for-the-badge&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white)

### Tools
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Microsoft Office](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Office-D83B01?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-office&logoColor=white)

## 🏅 Achievements

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://images.credly.com/images/62db59ef-19f9-4652-a00c-7582baee8177/blob" alt="Data Science Essentials with Python" width="200"/>
  <img src="https://images.credly.com/size/220x220/images/b93bf373-3da6-4ada-9879-a0c39d6a11f8/image.png" alt="JavaScript Essentials 1" width="200"/>
  <img src="https://api.accredible.com/v1/frontend/credential_website_embed_image/badge/160456643" alt="R for Everyone: An Introduction" width="200"/>
  <img src="https://api.accredible.com/v1/frontend/credential_website_embed_image/certificate/160456643" alt="R for Everyone: An Introduction" width="200"/>
</p>
## 🏆 GitHub Trophies

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=franzbaribar)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)
<!--
**franzbaribar/franzbaribar** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README with personal details and links
Updated personal introduction and added social media links.

README.md, after:

# Hey there, I'm Jaylord Franz P. Baribar! 👋

🎓 I.T. grad from the Technological University of the Philippines who loves turning milkshake into code ☕
💻 I build things for the web platforms
🧩 Problem solver at heart, always looking for elegant solutions
🚀 Exploring the endless possibilities of technology
📖 Lifelong learner with certifications in data science, database management, and Python
💄 When I'm not coding, you'll find me creating beauty and lifestyle contents on Tiktok!

**Fun fact:** My dream is to turn my house into a feline fortress with, like, TEN cats. Is it chaotic? Absolutely. Is it worth it for all that cuteness and awesome? 100%.

## 📫 Let's Connect!

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jaylord-franz-baribar-30663337b/)
[![TikTok](https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TikTok&logoColor=white)](https://tiktok.com/@janz_kart)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:jaylordfranz.baribar1@gmail.com)
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/franz.baribar.2024)

## 💻 Tech Stack

### Languages
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)

### Frameworks & Libraries
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/expo-1C1E24?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&logoColor=#D04A37)
![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white)

### Databases
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=for-the-badge&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white)

### Tools
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Microsoft Office](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Office-D83B01?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-office&logoColor=white)

## 🏅 Achievements

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://images.credly.com/images/62db59ef-19f9-4652-a00c-7582baee8177/blob" alt="Data Science Essentials with Python" width="200"/>
  <img src="https://images.credly.com/size/220x220/images/b93bf373-3da6-4ada-9879-a0c39d6a11f8/image.png" alt="JavaScript Essentials 1" width="200"/>
  <img src="https://api.accredible.com/v1/frontend/credential_website_embed_image/badge/160456643" alt="R for Everyone: An Introduction" width="200"/>
  <img src="https://api.accredible.com/v1/frontend/credential_website_embed_image/certificate/160456643" alt="R for Everyone: An Introduction" width="200"/>
</p>
## 🏆 GitHub Trophies

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=franzbaribar)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)
<!--
**franzbaribar/franzbaribar** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
